1)What is variable?
Variables are containers for storing data values.
A variable is created the moment you first assign a value to it.

Syntax
name = "John"

In Python, variables are dynamically typed, 
which means that the data type of a variable is inferred at runtime based on the value assigned to it.

Question)
What is Interpreter and Compiler?
Interpreter Translates program one statement at a time.
Compiler Scans the entire program and translates it as a whole into machine code.

2) What is Data types?
-
Python Data Types are used to define the type of a variable. It defines what type of data we are going to store in a variable.
Example - str , int, float , bool , list etc.

The type() function in Python can be used to determine the data type of a variable. 
For example, type(x) will return <class 'int'> if x is an integer.

3) What is Operators in python?
-In Python, operators are special symbols that perform arithmetic or logical computations on values or variables. 
Here are the most commonly used operators in Python:

a)Arithmetic Operators:

+ (Addition)
- (Subtraction)
* (Multiplication)
/ (Division)

b)Assignment Operators:
= (Simple assignment)
+= (Add and assign)
-= (Subtract and assign)
*= (Multiply and assign)

c) Comparison Operators:
== (Equal to)
!= (Not equal to)
> (Greater than)
< (Less than)


4)What is List?
Lists are used to store multiple items in a single variable.
A list in Python is a collection of elements, which can be of any data type (such as integers, strings, or other objects
List items are ordered, changeable, and allow duplicate values.

declaring List in python
my_list = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]

- A list in Python is a collection of ordered, mutable items. 
Lists are created by enclosing a comma-separated sequence of items in square brackets.

-Elements of a list can be accessed using indexing. Indexing starts from 0 for the first element, and negative indexing starts from -1 for the last element.
For example, my_list[0] would return the first element of the list my_list.

-Lists can contain items of different data types, such as integers, strings, and other lists.

The len() function in Python can be used to determine the length of a list, which is the number of elements in the list.

The append() method can be used to add an element to the end of a list, and the insert() method can be used to insert an element at a specific index.

The remove() method can be used to remove an element from a list by its value, and the pop() method can be used to remove an element from 
a list by its index.

5) if else in python?
In Python, the if-else statement is used to execute a block of code based on a condition. Here is the basic syntax:
if condition:
    # code to be executed if the condition is True
else:
    # code to be executed if the condition is False
    
 6) What is Boolean in python?
 In Python, a boolean is a data type that can only have two values: True or False. Boolean values are often used in programming as a way of
 representing logical or binary conditions, where a statement is either true or false.
 
Tuple in Python
Tuples are immutable sequences of elements, similar to lists, but once created, their contents cannot be modified.
Tuples are created using parentheses ( ) and separating the elements with commas. For example: my_tuple = (1, 2, 3).


What is the difference between a list and a tuple in Python?
In Python, both lists and tuples are used to store a collection of elements. However, there are several differences between them.

Mutability: Lists are mutable, which means you can add, remove or modify elements after creating the list. Tuples, on the other hand, are immutable, which means you cannot change the elements once a tuple is created.

